hi guys this is Ron I'm inside my house
here today and I want to keep a little
update on that how my garden is growing
so I thought the best way to do that is
to show you what we pick today and
yesterday from the garden and I'll take
you how take you another view of it from
the garden point of view but let me show
you the harvest point of view first all
right here's the harvest we pick today
sitting on my countertop obviously
there's a way more stuff here than we're
going to eat Beverly is over here right
now actually cutting up cucumbers those
are cucumbers there that's squash in the
middle and look at air corn yep we grew
corn did it make it to six feet high not
most of it but hey it produced some of
the best eaten corn I've had in a long
time and the fact I've not bought
anything in a store to taste as good as
that corn we got off of those corn
stalks out there even though they're not
fully grown corns a little small but
good eating we're starting to get
tomatoes now and peppers and green beans
are coming in now as well and more
cucumbers we've got enough cucumbers
here to pickle till 11 for a year or two
there's a pile of squash over there on
the corner and we're even bringing in
lettuce there's a lettuce that we're
bringing in we got way more lettuce and
we're going to eat this is not the head
lettuce as you know let us the leaf
lettuce but put it in a salad in its
excellent so let's go out in the garden
and we'll take another look at what's
going on out there and you'll see that
the weed control is not the best but the
plants are still growing what do you see
the watermelon we're bringing up alright
here's McCann elope patch this started
with just one actually two little
cantaloupe twigs that were already
started and we've got cantaloupes all
over the place here this is jesse jesse
is going to come over here and pull up
one and show us these things are growing
look at air real bona fide cantaloupes
are coming up this thing is full of them
so let's walk over here to the little
garden here and let's see what's going
on in a little garden as you can see my
magnificent staff is not taking care of
the week controlled here very well
buried in all of that grass is actually
onions and over here is the lettuce that
you just saw me show inside the house
corn is not going to come up in this
garden at all
over here we got tomatoes we're going to
have way more Tomatoes that we can
handle and more Tomatoes there so some
of the plants we've already pulled out
of here there's a pepper plant there and
right over here is grass that needs to
be pulled out of here so let's go out to
the big garden and see what's going on
there today alright this is the big one
we picked a lot of cucumbers from the
cucumber rose there here's the corn as
you can see it's just not kidding very
high except for a few stocks but we've
already taken one batch off of it we're
about how we just took another one off
this morning our watermelons are coming
along nicely here this is a watermelon
patch actually those are beans and over
here a watermelon patch and as you can
see you folks up north that is a
watermelon coming on and a few more days
we'll be picking that taking it inside
and slicing it up and then there's
several more over here as well I'm going
to let the corn grow keep on growing as
long as it's got ears on it will will
pick them later and keep on eat them so
I still haven't figured out why it isn't
growing high but at least it's producing
really really good corn I guess that was
the mission